What the fuck do you mean,
you don't want it?
-Jessioa--
-Why, Bill?
You don't even know, do you?
I don't know how to explain myself...
...other than to say
that I have accepted my fate.
And that would be all well and good
if you had to, but you don't, right?
All you've gotta do
is drink this cunt's blood...
...and this could all be over.
[MUFFLED SHOUTING]
As much as I appreciate
a compelling character drama...
...the yakuza are upstairs...
...so need I remind you to
keep it the fuck down volume-wise?
Whatever this is, whatever you're doing...
...you don't get to hide
behind the word "fate."
The cure is right fucking there.
Look at her. She's your fate.
She is your destiny.
If you don't drink her blood...
...you're making a choice, Bill.
A choice you won't have to live with...
...but we will, Jessica and me.
You're right.
Thank God.
I am making a choice.
I'm choosing the true death.
-Fuck you, Bill.
BILL: Jessica.
SOOKIE:
Don't you look at me like that.
I'm with her. I want to know why.
I can't.
Try!
There are no words.
You should leave.
And not a word about Sarah to anyone.
I understand.
Bill?
I want you to release me.
-Jessica--
-Do it.
Jessica Hamby...
...as I know you know...
...I never wanted to make you a vampire.
Turning you was punishment...
...for taking the life of one of our kind.
lam so proud...
...of the vampire that you've become...
...and I know you will stand out there
on your own two feet...
...just beautifully when I am gone.
l renounce the ties of our blood...
...and my dominion
over you as my progeny.
As your maker, Jessica...
...I release you.
[SOBBING]
Cry on my jacket,
you're paying for it, sweetheart.
I'm sorry, Sookie.
[SOBBING]
It's safe.
-You can come on out.
SOOKIE: Thanks.
-Where'd you go, Sam?
-Sookie?
Do you want me to wait outside?
Actually, I don't wanna be alone.
"Dearest Sookie,
if you're reading this letter...
...then you've probably already
figured out that I'm gone.
I take that you haven't forgotten
Nicole's little outburst the other night...."
SAM: TruthfuI/y, Sook, Iain't sure whether
she's right or wrong about our town.
-Thanks, sweetie.
-Ah. No problem.
-This little girl's doing backflips in here.
-Yeah?
SAM:
And she says we 're all crazy.
I think we might just be resilient.
Either way, there are two things I am sure of.
The ﬁrst is that I love Nico/e very much.
-Hey, hey, hey, no fucking way, baby.
-I got it.
-You don't got it.
-I almost had it.
-Yeah, you did almost have it. Jeez.
-l'm still strong, you know?
I know you're strong, but you gotta relax.
Come on, why don't you sit down?
The second is there ain't no way I’m gonna
miss out on seeing my baby grow up.
The way / see it, we live
two lives here on Earth, Sookie.
The ﬁrst is for us.
The second's for our kids.
And we gotta teach them What we know...
...what we 've learned.
Now, don’t get me wrong, Sookie.
This is a goodbye.
Older I get, more I realize
the world ain't as big a place...
...as I used to think it was.
And that’s just a stone's throw.
Nicole and I would love to have you
come out after the baby's born.
Think about it, all right?
Thank you for doing this, baby.
-I know what you're giving up.
-I am getting...
...way more than I'm losing.
Okay.
I want you to know after everything
we ’ve been through, Sookie...
-"Know that I love you.
-...know that I love you.
Sam."
[SOOKIE SNIFFLES]
[UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING INSIDE]
SOOKIE: Arlene? Knock-knock.
-Sookie, is that you?
Yeah, I didn't wanna sneak up on you.
-I brought Jessica with.
ARLENE: Yay.
Well, this shouldn't be weird at all.
-Hey, Redbone.
-Hey.
What's going on here?
-Did you see Field of Dreams?
-No.
Say it, Big John.
"If you build it, they will come."
-Yes, they will.
-I don't get it.
Well, the way I see it,
business sucks right now...
...but it ain't ever gonna
pick up unless we open up.
So I decided that starting tonight,
we're just gonna show up for work anyhow...
...then just wait it out
till the customers start coming back.
But in the meantime...
...party's gonna have to be just for us, y'all.
[PEOPLE CHEERING]
So can I get you something to drink?
No, thanks. Not right now.
ls you all right, Sook?
Sam's gone.
-What?
SOOKIE: He's gone.
Can I talk to you for a sec?
What's going on?
He left us each a letter.
I found them in his trailer.
Okay.
Mine was pretty heavy, so I figured...
...you might not wanna read it
in front of a whole bunch of people.
Yeah, yeah, this is
probably more appropriate...
...considering the circumstances.
Thank you.
-Do you want to be alone?
-No, sweetheart. You can stay.
Andy?
"Dear Sheriff Bellefleur, l resign.
Sincerely, Sam Merlotte."
-That's it?
-That's it.
So the whole closed-door thing?
Completely unnecessary.
[CHATTERING]
[SLOW MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
HOLLY:
Sure, Arlene. Is it stainless steel?
Hey, Jess.
Look, I'm sorry about
the way everything went down.
I don't know very much about you.
What are you talking about?
The other night at Sookie's...
.uaﬁeryouleﬁ”.
...Lafayette said something to me
that made a lot of sense.
He said that he knew things about you...
...that I didn't.
He said I didn't know them
because I never cared enough to ask.
I'm sorry...
...that I never asked.
It's okay.
Are you two happy together?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think we're gonna be.
Then I'm happy for you.
Thank you.
Do me a favor, will you?
Yeah, anything.
Just make sure that Sookie gets home safe.
Of course.
Where are you going?
Jess?
[MAN TALKING INDISTINCTLY OVER TV]
[DISHES CLATTERING]
[SIGHS]
Look, I'm really proud of you
for being a hero and all, Hoyt...
...but I think that we need to talk.
-What about?
-What about? About last night, Hoyt.
About you not wanting to have children.
You owe me an explanation.
Don't you think that I deserve that?
I love you, Brigette.
If I wanted to have kids...
...I would want to have kids with you.
| just--
I don't know if that's where I'm at.
That's all. That's all it is.
[SIGHS]
Who was that redhead last night?
What redhead?
The vampire.
The one who got all googly-eyed
after you saved her life?
All Southern with her eyelashes
that go on for days.
Brigette, I've never seen her
before last night.
I've never laid eyes
on a redheaded vampire before.
-But you know who she is now, don't you?
-Oh, fuck.
-What?
-Could we just talk...
...without you hounding on me?
Where were you today
while I was here packing up this house...
...so you wouldn't have to deal
with the emotional burden of it?
Where were you?
l was with Officer Stackhouse.
You were with Jason? All day?
You didn't go anywhere else?
You didn't do anything else?
Okay.
Okay, I saw her.
-Goddamn it, Hoyt.
-No, goddamn nothing.
Listen, I've never seen her before...
...and I don't have any idea who she is,
and that's the truth.
I'm sitting up with Jason
at Merlotte's or Bellefleur's--
Whatever the hell it is they call it now,
and he tells me her maker's dying.
Okay, so you don't know her,
but you do know her maker?
Yes. Yeah, he's the
first vampire that I ever met.
He's always been good to me
and had a super interesting life.
The man is dying. I wanted to help out.
So I went to the clinic,
gave blood, took it over there...
...so he'd have something to eat,
that's the truth.
You swear you're not lying to me, Hoyt?
I swear I'm not lying to you.
-l'm sorry.
-lt's okay.
No, it's not.
I know you better than that. I guess
I just don't know you here or something.
-Honey, it's okay.
-Mm-hm.
I'll make us some dinner,
we'll forget all about it.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
JESSICA:
Hoyt?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Hoyt, can you open the door, please?
I really-- I need to talk to you.
-Who is that?
-I don't know, baby. I don't know.
[SIGHS]
What do you want?
I'm sorry, Hoyt. I'm really sorry.
-This is 30--
-Jesus, Jess. What's the matter?
Huh. Oh, so you do know her, then?
Look, I know that I should not be here...
...but please, can I come in?
No, you may not.
Hoyt, you are a fucking liar.
JESSICA:
He's not lying.
He's not.
I know him, but he doesn't know me.
-That's not even possible.
-Yes, it is. Trust me.
That's what I came here for.
I came here to tell him-- To tell you....
-Tell me what?
-About us.
Hoyt, you and me, we used to be...
...together.
-What?
-We lived together...
...and we were so, so happy.
And then I went...
-...and I fucked it up.
-You need to leave.
-Hang on a second.
-No, I'm not gonna hang on a second.
Look, I am so confused right now and
I don't know what the fuck is going on...
...but I do know
that I don't want to listen to it.
I can't.
If you want to listen to it, then
you can feel free to, but do it outside.
And go out there knowing
if you walk out on me now...
...you and me are through.
Do you understand?
I'm sorry, Brigette.
[GASPS]
[CRYING]
HOYT:
Jessica?
You wanna tell me what's going on?
Bill released me tonight.
Jesus, I'm sorry.
Why?
There's a cure...
...but he wouldn't drink it.
-I'm confused.
-Yeah, so am I.
Because it was right there.
Salvation was right there
and he wouldn't take it.
-How come?
-I don't know.
And I don't think that he even knows,
but I-- I could understand.
I could understand someone
accepting their fate...
...if they had to, but if they don't?
That I don't understand.
But you thought I would understand.
I thought you would understand me.
You were the first man
that I ever really loved.
I'm really sorry that I fucked
everything up with your girlfriend.
I mean, she seems
really nice and everything.
It's just that I knew that you were here...
...and I couldn't think of anyone else
I would want to be with...
...on a night like tonight.
And that is the most
selfish thing I have ever heard.
Well, maybe it is.
But for whatever reason...
...does it really fucking matter right now?
I want you to see if you can
try to catch your breath.
[BREATHES SHARPLY]
And once you've caught it,
I want you to tell me the story of us.
Okay. You're okay.
You're okay.
It's okay.
[PHONE CHIRPING]
Stackhouse.
Hey, I--
I'm really sorry to bother you...
...but you're the only person
I know in this town...
-...so do you think you could come and get me?
-Sure, but who is this?
It's me, Brigette.
Hoyt's Brigette?
Not anymore.
Oh, shit. What happened?
Well, that redheaded vampire
from last night showed up and--
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Jessica?
Yeah, and she started talking about...
...how she and Hoyt used to go together.
And, I don't know, the whole thing
just became a big mess.
Well, saddle up, Brigette...
...because things are about to get
a lot messier when I get there.
I'm on my way.
[CHATTERING]
WILLA:
Well, what are y'all having?
BIG JOHN:
Etouffee and dirty rice.
-I don't like dirty rice.
-Shut up, honey. Yeah, you do.
Big John, why don't you sit down?
Lafayette's got the kitchen.
-I'd love to, boss lady.
-All right, then.
KEITH: You're a sweet boss lady.
-Ha-ha-ha. I try.
You know Big John knows
what he's doing back there with this.
ADILYN:
Aren't you gonna join us, Sookie?
S OOKIE:
I don 't think so, sweetie.
Darling?
Is she all right?
I'll be right back.
AN DY:
Let's see what we got here.
Sookie. Ain't you hungry?
Keith ain't eating. You want me
to ask him if he'll take you home?
You and Keith, huh?
Yeah, I guess so.
I mean, we're taking it real slow...
...because we can't have sex...
...because it would kill him
if we did, but yeah.
I kind of like him.
Who would've thunk it?
Arlene Fowler and a vampire.
You don't have to tell me
how strange it sounds.
You got any advice for me?
You don't want my advice.
Not when it comes
to dating vampires, you don't.
Bill's dying.
-What?
-I gave it to him.
Hep-V.
Honey. I didn't even know
you were positive.
Neither did I...
...so I fed him before we headed over
to Fangtasia the other night.
And he's already sick?
Because of what I am. Because of...
...my blood.
He's going fast.
Fuck.
How do you do it?
What's that?
Keep moving on?
You've started over so many times.
How do you do it?
Well, it helps when your ex-husband...
...comes to you in a death vision
and tells you to.
But without that...
...first thing you gotta do...
...is make up your mind you want to.
I held myself back from Alcide...
...because I never really
let go of Bill, didn't I?
I think you might have, honey.
That wasn't fair to him.
I don't want to do that to anyone ever again.
Well, then, something tells me you won't.
I love you.
I love you too.
Now, come on.
Let's get you something to eat.
-I don't like dirty rice either.
ARLENE: Then just put some on your plate.
Pick around it. Okay, y'all, time to dig in.
Thanks for waiting.
Lafayette, it's time to eat.
JAMES: Get over here.
HOLLY: Get your ass out here.
LAFAYETTE:
Be right there, hooker.
-This is so beautiful.
HOLLY: Oh, I know.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Eric.
Come in.
When Pam found me in France,
I felt the same way you do.
Nihilistic.
Prepared to die.
Wanting to die.
This disease, it doesn't just
destroy the body--
-It's not the disease, Eric.
-Nobody's talking about it, but it attacks--
It attacks the spirit.
Why are you here?
I came for Sookie.
What you're doing to her
is unconscionable.
I'm doing this for Sookie.
Everything I'm doing, I'm doing for her.
Try listening to her, then.
-Because this is not what she wants.
-But it's what she needs.
She loves you.
She'll learn to love someone else.
But not while I'm on the planet.
Get over yourself, Bill.
If she weren't fae...
...she wouldn't be drawn to us.
We wouldn't be drawn to her.
In the end, you have to admit it.
It is her light that pulls us in...
...just as she is pulled to our darkness.
Were you progressed to the point
that you were experiencing fever dreams?
I had a few.
Before I came out to Fangtasia tonight...
...I dreamt that Sookie
was rocking a baby to sleep.
It was our baby, I suppose.
She was singing a lullaby
and putting the baby down for the night.
And I was coming up
from behind her not to be part of it...
...but to observe it, I guess.
I looked over her shoulder,
and I finally saw our child.
And it was a void.
A black void.
Sookie had given birth to death.
Fuck.
That's what we are, Eric.
That's all we can give her.
I have lied to her, threatened her...
...almost raped her.
And yet, like a moth to a flame,
she always returns to me.
She can't let go.
I want to set her free.
Will you talk to her for me?
What?
Ask her if I can call on her tonight.
She needs to understand this decision.
She deserves to know...
...but I can't explain it to her
if she doesn't give me the chance.
Please.
I'm over a thousand years old, Bill.
If I had an aptitude
for marriage counseling...
...don't you think I would've
figured that out by now?
This will be the last favor
I ask of you, Northman.
And that's a promise.
Yeah, I'll talk to her.
I'll see you to the door.
No.
Save your strength.
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
[SIRENS BLARING]
-I had to tell you.
HOYT: What?
Oh, fuck.
-Jason, what are you doing?
-Fuck him.
Brigette called me. Listen, Bubba.
I don't know how much Jessica told you--
-Uhn!
JESSICA: Hoyt.
BRIGETTE:
Jason?
Hey, there.
Hey, Jason, wake up.
You there?
-Huh?
-Oh.
-Sorry.
-Hey, I ain't--
Oh, fuck.
I ain't supposed to let
nobody drive my squad car.
Where are we going?
We have to get you to the hospital.
There's no way you don't have a
concussion after hitting the ground that hard.
I've had a lot of concussions.
How long was I out for?
About five minutes.
[LAUGHS]
Five minutes ain't shit.
Besides, ain't nobody working nights
at the hospital these days.
Let's just go to my place.
Are you sure
I wouldn't be putting you out?
Of course not.
Listen, Brigette.
There's something--
Before we get there,
there's something I gotta tell you.
-Okay.
-Ahem.
We ain't gonna have sex tonight.
All right?
Hope you understand.
Jason, I just broke up with Hoyt.
I'm heartbroken.
What makes you think that there's...
...any world in which I would
want to have sex with you tonight?
Just trust me, Brigette, it needed to be said.
[WHIMPERING]
[MUFFLED SHOUTING]
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
What's going on?
[SOBBING]
I'm taking you back to blond.
Huh?
No, nobody died...
...but somebody is going to if I have to
spend one more night in Louisiana.
No. No, I'm sorry. Plea--
Please don't go get your supervisor.
I wasn't threatening you.
All I'm saying is that it is imperative...
...that I get back to Anchorage tomorrow.
JASON:
They won't do it?
Hold on a second.
No, it's gonna cost me $1200...
...unless I qualify for
a bereavement fare, which I don't.
Is it a man or a woman?
Um, a woman.
I got this.
My friend wants to talk to you real quick.
Hello, this is Jason W. Stackhouse...
...deputy at the Renard Parish
Sheriff's Department.
Who am I speaking with?
Marlis, huh?
Well, you have yourself
a beautiful name there, Marlis.
I could just say it all day.
Marlis, Marlis. Ha-ha.
Anyway, Marlis...
...I don't know if you're aware or not,
but our little town here...
...Bon Temps...
...we've been under attack this past week.
Yeah. Yeah, it hasn't been pretty.
And my friend here, Brigette...
...she's suffering from--
From post-traumatic stress disorder.
Now, as an officer of the law...
...it is myjob to get her back
to where it's safe for her.
Can you help me do myjob?
Well, sure you can.
You're sitting in front
of your computer, ain't you?
Then all you gotta do, Marlis...
...is push a button.
Are you pushing it?
Oh, come on, now, push it.
It'll feel so good, I promise.
Attagirl, Marlis.
I'll tell her. Heh.
Yeah, you too, honey. Bye, now.
She said she's e-mailing you
the confirmation...
...and she thanks you for choosing Delta.
Thank you, Jason.
Yeah, you got it. No big deal.
It actually is a really big deal to me.
So thank you.
Yeah.
Good night.
[TV PLAYING]
Not gonna go in there.
Just gonna go to sleep.
So the fuck are you.
[SIGHS]
Oh....
You should really let me heal you.
-Could I ask you a question?
-Of course.
So when we were outside earlier, you said...
...that the reason we broke up
was that you weren't ready.
I wasn't.
So if you weren't ready then...?
Um....
I was young.
And immature.
I mean, I was--
I was like this home-schooled...
...17-year—old girl who suddenly...
...became a vampire.
And before I had had a chance...
...to explore that dark side or figure out...
...who I was or what I wanted...
...I met you.
And you say I knew what I wanted.
-Yeah.
-And did you?
Explore your dark side?
I did.
And?
And when you shot Violet...
...you actually saved my life twice...
...because sitting here with you right now...
...this is the first time I've been able to see...
...any kind of future for myself in a really...
...Iong time.
You can heal me now.
If you want to.
PAM:
Goddamn it.
I need to remove this gag. Is that okay?
Elgag-o, I need to remove-o.
Ugh. Fuck it.
Listen up, twat lips.
I'm gonna remove your gag. I can't get the
foils where I need to get them with it on.
But please don't mistake this
for an act of kindness...
...or an invitation to scream out,
because if you do...
...these men will more than likely kill me.
And if I'm dead...
...heh, there's no telling
what they're gonna do with you.
Do you understand me?
Good girl.
Ahh....
-Thank you.
-Chin down.
-May I please have a glass of—-?
-I said...
...chin down.
-What's gonna happen to me?
-You remind me of Mary.
Mary of Bethany?
Of the whorehouse I used to run.
[SPEAKS IN JAPAN ESE]
Yeah, "whorehouse"
they understand. Of course.
Mary came to me when she was younger
than you. I don't know, maybe 16 or 17.
She was much prettier
than I'm sure you ever were...
...but here's where you're the same.
She thought she was
too good to be a whore.
She couldn't see
that she was born a hooker...
...and a hooker was all
she was ever going to be.
Now, doesn't that sound like you?
You're gonna sell me?
You bet your ass we're gonna sell you.
But there will be New Blood.
-Why?
-New Blood's not a permanent fix, Sarah.
But you're the real deal.
One drink from you,
and a vampire's good as new.
You know, you play your cards right...
...you mightjust become
the highest-paid trollop in history.
[TV PLAYING]
[MUTTERING INDISTINCTLY]
BRIGETTE:
Hey.
Get any shut-eye?
No, my head is spinning.
-Plus, I'm starving.
-Oh.
Um.... All's I got is beer...
...and these peas.
Beer sounds good.
You mind grabbing me one?
Yeah, sure.
What are you watching?
It's an infomercial.
World's coming to an end,
but Cindy Crawford...
...and her French doctors still wanna
sell us skin care products.
It's fucking weird.
-Cheers.
What if it had been a man?
What?
On the phone earlier.
With the airline. What if--?
What if it had been a man?
Well, |-- I'd still have tried.
But, yeah, I doubt I could've helped you.
So, what is it, then?
You just have a way with women?
Um.... Well, everybody's different, you know?
Some things come hard,
some things come easy.
For me, math was hard.
Girls weren't.
It's because you're sweet.
And kind.
It's got nothing to do
with what you look like.
And if you're telling yourself that,
you're selling yourself short.
Brigette, if I was sweet and kind,
none of this would be happening.
None of what?
What have I walked into here?
You sure you wanna hear this?
Yeah.
JASON:
Hoyt and me were best friends.
We grew up together.
We played football together.
Peewee, junior high, JV.
We did everything together.
Only thing that was different
about us was girls.
See, when we'd go out,
at the end of the night...
...I'd always wind up going home
with some girl I was seeing orjust met...
...but Hoyt, he would always
go home to his mama.
Until one night...
. . . Jessica walked into Merlotte 's.
And the way Hoyt said it...
...it was love at ﬁrst sight.
Shit. Um....
I'm sorry. I'm gonna stop now.
No, no, please don't.
Please.
They were amazing together.
The way they worked together.
The way they ﬁt.
And I fucked it all up. Mm-hm.
Worse yet...
...I tried to justify it
like it wasn't my fault...
...because I drank her blood before, but--
I mean, I could've not had sex with her.
I mean, people do that all the time.
Not have sex with people
they shouldn't have it with.
Just not me.
I couldn't live with myself.
So I went to Hoyt's work and I told him.
He kicked my ass...
...and I let it happen...
...because goddamn it, Brigette,
he deserved to Win after what I did to him.
And after he good and beat me down...
...he stood over me and he said something
I'll never forget.
He said what him and Jessica had was real
and that I was never gonna have it.
Not with her, not with anybody...
...because there was something inside me
that was just missing.
-That wasn't fair of him.
-Sure, it was.
Anything he said, I deserved it.
Man, I deserved worse.
Anyways, before Hoyt moved to Alaska,
he asked Jessica to erase his memory.
He said he didn't want to remember
her or me.
That's how she remembered him
but he don 't remember her.
Nobody lied to you
and you didn't pick the wrong guy.
You just happened to pick a guy who'd already
met the girl he was supposed to be with.
He just don't remember her.
But they do, Brigette.
Hoyt and Jessica belong together.
Come on, let's go.
Where are we going?
To bed.
-Brigette, I just told you--
-Jason, come on.
I'm gonna teach you
how not to have sex with someone.
ANDY: Good night, everybody.
Just go straight home.
SOOKIE: Night, y'all.
HOLLY: Night.
-That was a good night, right?
-Yeah, yeah, it was.
ERIC:
SooHe.
Eric?
Can we talk?
It's okay. You guys can go.
-You sure?
-Yeah.
[ENGINE STARTS]
I went to Bill's tonight.
You did?
-You seem surprised.
-I just didn't know you cared, is all.
Well, I care about
very few people in this world.
A small handful of vampires...
...and you.
What did he say?
Did he give you a reason why?
Did he say anything other than "because"?
Because I swear to God, talking to him tonight
was like talking to a suicidal toddler.
Yeah, not anymore.
He knows exactly what he's doing
and why he's doing it.
You should talk to him.
No.
No?
Fuck him if he wants to die.
Well, who's being a toddler now?
I'm scared.
Death is scary.
I've been avoiding it for a thousand years.
How much time do you think he has left?
I don't know.
But he would like to call on you tonight.
What's he gonna say?
That he's doing this for you.
That's absurd.
No.
Not when you hear it from him.
Can I give you a lift home?
You don't have a car.
I'm aware.
How's it feel?
Strange.
-Butgood?
-Heh.
It's-- It's pretty fucking weird, but, yeah.
-Yeah.
-What did I tell you?
Mm. What do we do now?
Tell me something about yourself
that you've never told anyone before.
-Anything?
-Just whatever comes to mind.
Uh....
Would it help if I went first?
Oh, yeah. It might.
Okay.
Oh. I got one.
I cheated on a test once.
Oh, no, you are a stone-cold criminal.
Technically, I let somebody cheat
off of me, but that's still cheating.
You let someone cheat off you.
I used to cheat all the time.
Hey, no teasing.
Hey, look, I said Iwouldn't cross this line,
but I said nothing about no teasing.
Well, it was a big deal to me
and I never told anyone about it.
So now it's your turn.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
I like pink.
Pink?
Yeah.
Good. That was good.
But anything else?
Maybe something a little deeper?
Remember how you and Hoyt were fighting
yesterday about him not wanting kids?
Yeah, I don't think
I'll be forgetting that anytime soon.
Well, I want kids, Brigette.
I mean, I really, really want them.
[SIGHS]
But what if I have a girl?
What if you do?
Yeah, well, what if she meets a guy like me?
A guy like you?
Hoyt was wrong about you, Jason.
What about?
There's nothing inside of you
that's missing.
Everything that a man is supposed to be...
...it's already in there, I promise.
And your daughter would be lucky
to meet a guy like you.
Thanks for the lift.
I've never seen Bon Temps
from above like that.
Your phone's ringing.
It'll be Bill.
You can come inside if you want.
Good night, Ms. Stackhouse.
[LINE RINGING]
[RINGING]
-Hello?
-Did you speak to Eric?
He just dropped me off, actually.
May I call on you?
Would it be better if I came to you?
No, no. I'm on my way.
[PHONE BEEPS OFF]
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
Were you ever gonna tell me
you weren't dying?
-Or do I just not matter to you at all?
-Ginger!
What?
I've spent my entire night flying around dealing
with other people's relationship problems.
Now, does that sound like me to you?
No. No, it doesn't.
No, so if you're feeling a little jilted
that you weren't the first person...
...I came running to when I got cured,
I apologize.
And I would like to make it up to you
by fucking you.
Did you not hear me, Ginger?
You and I are finally gonna fuck.
Really?
We are really gonna fuck?
Let's do this, sweetheart.
-Huh?
-Where did you imagine us doing it?
-On the throne.
-Hmm.
Well, on the throne it is.
Oh.
What happens next?
I straddle you.
Then do it, Ginger.
Oh....
[GASPING]
What about my Hep-V?
I'm immune.
[MOANING]
[RIPS PANTIES]
[SHRIEKING]
Ginger?
[GASPING]
That was fucking fantastic.
Thank you.
Are you gonna be okay?
[PANTING]
Good night, Ginger.
[GINGER SNORING]
Pamela?
Pam?
[GUNS COOKING]
PAM:
Eric?
Where were you tonight?
I saw some friends.
Your fangbanger from last night,
Sookie Stackhouse?
No.
Shame on you, Mr. Northman.
I offer you the world
and every time all you offer me is lies.
[SPEAKS IN JAPAN ESE]
Ah!
Does Sookie Stackhouse
know about Sarah?
Does she?
If you hurt her, I am out.
And you need me.
The leverage you think you have...
...is directly proportional
to the patience I have left for you.
And I'm running out of fucking patience,
Mr. Northman!
[SHOUTS IN JAPANESE]
[SCREAMS]
One last rope.
WHISPERS [IN JAPANESE]:
Good night.
[YELLS IN JAPANESE]
Stop.
She knows.
Finally.
Some honesty.
Where does Ms. Stackhouse live?
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]